I hope
Spain has refused
the good time keeper is good
we are all there
montoro romero xxx because I do not remember but there we will see many things
and you will see in this summary game because yellow today
well the oficialismo luxuries with heels
because it was going to be different he concluded
climatic sources
the municipalities although for cars we are specialists in the line 6 thousand dead
and vehicle maintenance we distribute all brands said
limit the English cyclist as the exhibition 200 of the fiat group line
tires
as always king viator and now also end of the day says Carlos and the
triumph with their cars
vargas that we stop for four we will be there
córdoba to see all their sleeves of the categories
owners and gentlemen
four states that offer there expressed
two subordinates we say are left
gat
we started
we think because it came and the progress are there in study for after
pass comments that of the first sleeve of the toscas
cadet youth championship of andalusia gentlemen this we have it is us
but they come to represent a gesture very well
in the news not wait until you have advocated the internationalism of the
nation in 2011
the retirement age each day with the Latin American nations and the
podium business
Almost for that reason I also had self-sustained in Spain, my daughter was a
day to forget those are orange and the own
I was going to pay and the bell and almost almost ready was still to make us spend
money to spend broke this afternoon you were missing
four points separate the podium there were
la la prada andaluz we were at risk of Cordoba on sunny day and
he played the juvenile cadets because
only in process while a voice which two or three but the shooting
it is a very difficult task the theater
quite difficult and can happen
We were ekenna the juvenile cadet gallery that we needed to
aa 0 peer how spectacular it was also
this race of which they were presence
of pilots can go as is this meeting of Almeria pilots
let's say with
acapulco on top of everything juan prose coffee in cadet that is almost almost to
point of taking the race
Giraldo an excellent race that he was in third position always
the head position fighting for the next February
the parsley debris by the first positions finally the result of
this first sleeve
percent got a tough third fight art
position
hence, also
that endured during the first laps with kroos percent
at the head of the race
something pretty porter poison in mind the rivals I had
and in addition there will be also the juveniles and there it continues
stronger or were the Almerians with mel dyes of drowsiness next 29 here
of the drag province with white alejandro that sealed the first position
followed by jesus pd rats
and heriberto cruz but in addition to elena juvenile we think we forgive myself but this one
try a lot in the alm him
we're going on vacation this summer a village
ayad more Almeria pilots
i like and among them which was at the time of our mythical 74 miter
spreading an incredible fight to that review juan carlos
defending his position
against the honor of santa josé manuel cortez
incredible ability of this pilot
holding up the climb the capea in mere mere 60 what a fantastic defense that
these children
if they are children but others of the many have led to vote
cute mined for perception and we will have completed by his inquiry
higher
where once
wheel very much
Diego Garcia has been better with children as adults since February is safe
I have fun again
Much more
Ricardo Alamo Albacete will not be so easy
to sue through career with everyone's money
as he says providea wanted to say yesterday something else is true is to say of
motocross I imagine between a few years when we see it by the mx2 and mx1
serra is if we are there
by the way
President
the cirque
for the soldiers to run like Cinderella
within this cycle 80 that way
In order to carry a lot more revolutions it is worth to say to carry because to pass the
page and wearing
efe
with much more revolutions
when they go up in category so it's much easier for me not to drive
aggressive driving
d
that if not descend from category
p but now also months
also in 80 has left the loved donda executed in account that had led him
much in different supports as all our voters
the moment they are accustomed to how this one led aggression or modes
weather
of 85 and I'm going to ask you an easy question
How much did the floor change of a motorcycle flow?
of these characteristics
aída to a mark to that of an agent of 5-2 medium
how much does it influence for these young pilots
He maintained that we must bear in mind that we are much more miserable a few
plus
percent almost to some of them
at the opportunity of his life in a 3d way
some even though the motorcycle
that the bike weighs more
already almost that the one that comes to him better way to another nevertheless good by the way of
a little bit bigger people the fifth but if the pilot percent
is trained and marching winds
are the past of the motions of the motorcycle x 2
the fastest lap for gloria vueling cara de josé manuel courteous with
1 36
0 13 pretty fast this was an average speed of 30 is celebrated from
this is a circuit
very different graham a lot of variety stretches pretty fast but then
there are a lot of Cuba quite closed in teaneck e
larva carlo rhythm of the machines since it was the career of this one with the bar
cuts that takes and what do I know this first sleeve